updating fwlinks inside framework (#15546)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/migration-guide/net-framework-4-migration-issues.md

| **Page parsing** | The page parser for ASP.NET Web pages (.aspx files) and user controls (.ascx files) is stricter in ASP.NET 4 than in earlier versions of ASP.NET, and it flags more markup as invalid than in earlier versions. | Examine error messages that are produced when a page runs and fix errors that result from invalid markup. |

> | **Passport types** | The Passport support built into ASP.NET 2.0 is obsolete and is unsupported due to changes in Passport (now Live ID SDK). As a result, the types related to Passport in <xref:System.Web.Security> are now marked with the `ObsoleteAttribute` attribute. | Change any code you have that uses Passport types in the <xref:System.Web.Security> namespace (for example, <xref:System.Web.Security.PassportIdentity>) to use the [SDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Passport types** | The Passport support built into ASP.NET 2.0 is obsolete and is unsupported due to changes in Passport (now Live ID SDK). As a result, the types related to Passport in <xref:System.Web.Security> are now marked with the `ObsoleteAttribute` attribute. | Change any code you have that uses Passport types in the <xref:System.Web.Security> namespace (for example, <xref:System.Web.Security.PassportIdentity>) to use the Windows Live ID SDK. |
```

| Feature | Differences from 3.5 SP1 | Recommended changes |
| ------- | ------------------------ | ------------------- |

> | **Exceptions for corrupted process state** | The CLR no longer delivers exceptions for corrupted process state to exception handlers in managed code. | These exceptions indicate that the state of a process has been corrupted. We do not recommend that you run your application in this state.<br><br>For more information, see the <xref:System.Runtime.ExceptionServices.HandleProcessCorruptedStateExceptionsAttribute> and the entry [Handling Corrupted State Exceptions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/magazine/dd419661.aspx) in the CLR Inside Out blog. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Exceptions for corrupted process state** | The CLR no longer delivers exceptions for corrupted process state to exception handlers in managed code. | These exceptions indicate that the state of a process has been corrupted. We do not recommend that you run your application in this state.<br><br>For more information, see the <xref:System.Runtime.ExceptionServices.HandleProcessCorruptedStateExceptionsAttribute> and the entry [Handling Corrupted State Exceptions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/magazine/dd419661.aspx) in the MSDN magazine. |
```
